Light Side:
	The light side of the planet would be mostly barren.  It is full of craters,
	plains and mountains. Certain lifeforms have begun to adapt to and live on the
	 surface, but it is largely quiet and moon-like. Occasional meteorites strike
	 the surface. The vegetation leaking from XXXX has yet to adapt to the harsh
	 exposure of the surface. Many caves lead underground, and that is where life
	  is thriving most.
	Starting Area/Lowlands:
	This area will also be where XXXX- drilled into the center of the planet from.
	The mineshaft they used will be discoverable.
	The color scheme of this area will be:
		-Yellow, brown, and grey.
		-near cavemouths there will be some green and grasses
	Areas of note in the Lowlands:
		-A mountain acts as a barrier between this area and the dark side of the
		planet. The mountain is on of the the planetoids poles.
		-Probe Capsule crash site (starting area)
		-A cave mouth leading to the Subterranean Jungle
		-A smaller mountain to explore once you've gained more mobility.
		if you cross this mountain you access a more difficult lightside area, which
		 contains the lava falls that fall from the Highlands.

	Subterranean Jungle:
	Home to most of the life on the planet. A wide variety of life lives here,
	especially vegetation. Sort of like the first area in Super Metroid. There is
	liquid water here, to create ponds and falls. The life in this area was seeded
	 by the cracking of the bio dome created by XXXX.
	ColorScheme:
		Greens, Blues, brown, gold(wheat-gold)
	Areas of Note:

	Highlands:
	There is an elevated plateau covering roughly 33% of the Light side. This area
	is much hotter then the rest of the light side. There is lava, deadly gas and
	other dangers there. This area is also more prone to meteorite strikes.
	There is a volcano there. Certain creatures have adapted to the heat. There is
	a lava-fall that acts as a barrier between this area and the Lowlands.
	ColorScheme:
		-Reds, browns, oranges, blacks, and greys.
	Areas of note:
		-There is a lava-fall that acts as a barrier between this area and the Lowlands.

	Volcanic Caves
	This is the area directly beneath the highlands. large lava flows have carved
	out massive caverns here the run directly to the planetoids core.
	ColorScheme:
		-Reds, browns, oranges, blacks, and greys.
