Setting:
	In order to survive an impending cataclysm, the people of Society XXXX
	developed a last ditch survival plan to preserve their society beyond the
	destruction of their home world. An extremely large stellar object (Pluto
	sized) was observed entering their solar system. The people of Society XXXX
	planned to construct a small survival station in the belly of that rogue
	planetoid. They sent a team of scientists and technicians to establish the
	station, which consisted of a small agri-dome, small living quarters, robotic
	"shepherds", and a cryo-system. After the enclave was established, this team
	entered the cryo-system. They had programmed  the cryo system to wake them
	periodically in order to assess the ever changing local of the planetoid for
	possible environments to colonize.

	Millenia pass, and no new planet has been discovered. As the planetoid Is
	leaving XX solar system, two massive comets strike the surface of the
	planetoid, wreaking havoc. The seismic impact of the comets changes the
	landscape of the planetoid drastically, creating two large basins. One of
  the comets strikes a methane rich vein in the planetoid and unlocks a vast
  methane sea. The second does not, and creates a massive sunken desert.
 The impact also is sufficient to disrupt the plans of society XXXX: the
	resultant earthquakes disable the cryo-system and create a leak in the
	bio-dome. Over time, the inhabitants of the station die. The bio-dome
	however, seeds the planetoid with the life which XXXX brought with them.
	Lastly the impact of the comets diverts the trajectory of the planetoid so
	that it falls into the orbit of the nearest star. It winds up in a locked
	orbit with that star. The planetoid develops a light side and a dark side.
	Not everything that Society XXXX built in the planetoid is destroyed
	however. The robotic shepherds survive, and quietly continue to function.



	Time goes on. Eons pass. The planetoid settles into an asteroid belt in its
	solar system. A seperate civilization which is conducting survey of nearby
	stellar bodies sends a probe to our planetoid. A capsule containing an
	automated robo-probe crash lands in the side of a mountain. The crash landing
	seems to destroy the capsule, and it's contents.

	A small rodent like creature which inhabits the planetoid (seeded from XXXX)
	inadvertently scurries over the trashy body of that robotic probe, and somehow
	activates the probe. The probe comes to at the start of the game, very broken
	and hardly able to traverse its surroundings.
	This is the start of the game. The robot is the player character.




WHAT IF
Instead of a rogue planetoid entering their solar system, the cataclym that knocked out XXXX's homeworld also pushed a different planet in that system into rogue status?
